Tweak cody analysis rules (#31813)
dotnet/docs: docs/fundamentals/code-analysis/style-rules/dotnet-formatting-options.md

```

> [!TIP]

> > If your code is C#, additional [C#-specific `using` directive option](ide0065.md) is available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> A separate C#-specific [`using` directive rule IDE0065](ide0065.md) is also available. That rule concerns whether `using` directives are placed inside or outside namespaces.
```
